Add mention of translator communities (yet only Hungarian) (#213)
organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io: content/_index.md

- Join our [Telegram Group][telegram_chat] to discuss with other users.
- Visit our [GitHub page][github].
- Follow our updates in [FOSStodon][fosstodon], [Mastodon][mastodon], [Facebook][facebook], [Twitter][twitter], [Instagram][instagram], [Reddit][reddit], [LinkedIn][LinkedIn].

> - Join translator communities: [Hungarian translators Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#organicmapstranslate_hu:matrix.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join (or create and let us know) local communities: [Hungarian translators Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#organicmapstranslate_hu:matrix.org)
```
